[control-plane-manager] added creating a backup before a potentially dangerous action in docs (#5361)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-control-plane-manager/docs/FAQ.md

>
> It is important to have an odd number of masters to ensure a quorum.

> 1. Make a [backup](faq.html#etc-backup-and-restore) of `etcd` and `/etc/kubernetes`
> 1. Transfer the archive to a server outside the cluster (on a local machine)
> 1. Make sure there are no [alerts](..300-prometheus/faq.html#how-to-get-information-about-alerts-in-a-cluster) in the cluster that will prevent new masters from being created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make a [backup of `etcd`](faq.html#etc-backup-and-restore) and the `/etc/kubernetes` directory.
1. Transfer the archive to a server outside the cluster (e.g., on a local machine).
1. Ensure there are no [alerts](../300-prometheus/faq.html#how-to-get-information-about-alerts-in-a-cluster) in the cluster that can prevent the creation of new master nodes.
```

## How do I reduce the number of master nodes in a cloud cluster (multi-master to single-master)?

> 1. Make a [backup](faq.html#etc-backup-and-restore) of `etcd` and `/etc/kubernetes`
> 1. Transfer the archive to a server outside the cluster (on a local machine)
> 1. Make sure there are no [alerts](..300-prometheus/faq.html#how-to-get-information-about-alerts-in-a-cluster) in the cluster that will prevent new masters from being created
> 1. Run the appropriate edition and version of the Deckhouse installer container **on the local machine** (change the container registry address if necessary):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make a [backup of `etcd`](faq.html#etc-backup-and-restore) and the `/etc/kubernetes` directory.
1. Transfer the archive to a server outside the cluster (e.g., on a local machine).
1. Ensure there are no [alerts](../300-prometheus/faq.html#how-to-get-information-about-alerts-in-a-cluster) in the cluster that can prevent the update of the master nodes.
1. Run the appropriate edition and version of the Deckhouse installer container **on the local machine** (change the container registry address if necessary):
```

## How do I dismiss the master role while keeping the node?

> 1. Make a [backup](faq.html#etc-backup-and-restore) of `etcd` and `/etc/kubernetes`
> 1. Transfer the archive to a server outside the cluster (on a local machine)
> 1. Make sure there are no [alerts](..300-prometheus/faq.html#how-to-get-information-about-alerts-in-a-cluster) in the cluster that will prevent new masters from being created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make a [backup of `etcd`](faq.html#etc-backup-and-restore) and the `/etc/kubernetes` directory.
1. Transfer the archive to a server outside the cluster (e.g., on a local machine).
1. Ensure there are no [alerts](../300-prometheus/faq.html#how-to-get-information-about-alerts-in-a-cluster) in the cluster that can prevent the update of the master nodes.
```

## How do I switch to a different OS image in a multi-master cluster?

> 1. Make a [backup](faq.html#etc-backup-and-restore) of `etcd` and `/etc/kubernetes`
> 1. Transfer the archive to a server outside the cluster (on a local machine)
> 1. Make sure there are no [alerts](..300-prometheus/faq.html#how-to-get-information-about-alerts-in-a-cluster) in the cluster that will prevent new masters from being created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make a [backup of `etcd`](faq.html#etc-backup-and-restore) and the `/etc/kubernetes` directory.
1. Transfer the archive to a server outside the cluster (e.g., on a local machine).
1. Ensure there are no [alerts](../300-prometheus/faq.html#how-to-get-information-about-alerts-in-a-cluster) in the cluster that can prevent the update of the master nodes.
```
